# TODO
Ideas I'd like to make

 - [ ] Spotify to YouTube: find all the songs on my Spotify playlist and load them into YouTube playlist (on my account) or return a list of urls. Maybe also works with artists?
 - [ ] Introduce coding to a beloved city... in which K-12 schools have to cancel classes and schools in general are becoming empty...
 - [ ] Broadcast encryption would make group stuff private and low-cost in storage. What if we thought of the encryption method as a mother with twins, triplets, etc.? Think of a pie chart in which "mother" is the host who holds 50% of the keys via reversible PRNG address from the same concept of Library of Babel
 - [ ] Paper: why is it easier to encourage than to stop/discourage? In the conclusion, state "Let's flip the equation. Why is it harder to stop than to encourage?" For example, drinking and driving or "doing drugs" has been denounced after many famous people started dying early from cigarettes. Or with Reagan's (or was it Nixon?) step up to drinking and driving.. oof, remembering "The War on Drugs" phrase... Another example is how media personalities can encourage the usage of something (e.g. President Trump encouraging the usage of hydroxychloroquine or beauty YouTubers encouraging the use of a product).
 - [ ] Machine learning project: turn audio books about history into entertaining short video series (either two videos, 5, or up to 10 videos). Good enough to get the main topics by adding in music, good pictures or animations, and making sure the logic of the book is good enough to be published. [Inspired by COD Cold War](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsBRGCabaog); I've never played anything but Wii sports and Wii Super Mario; never listened to an audiobook before; I love educational YouTube videos and anything on YouTube talking about history and politics (in an interesting way that is). Let's do this :)
 - [ ] A GitHub like open collaboration research journal publisher and review system. I talked to an in-law about the research community, and he said that papers take almost a year to publish. To speed up the process of reviewing, the review system *can* be made public (private via invites, again, like GitHub). To support credibility, enough contributions need to be made in the site to rack up points, *like*, but not entirely, SO for programmers. Additionally, when talking on Discord with others, I thought it would be nice if people understood the mindset of a confusing part of a paper, as clarification. Someone said they would consider the paper to be poorly written (like not using LaTeX) and wouldn't even know how to disect an argument between researcher and reviewer. On the other hand, when thinking about arguments in general, especially openly collaborative ones, they are still useful to have as record keeping in case researcher did more research to appease the reviewer. It would be a nice revenue generator for someone like GitHub to also branch off into being a publisher (nice money making tactics) as most of the technology (diff checking and commiting suggestions via comments, although I guess you would need to add that user as an author which is mostly not desirable).
 - [ ] Reverse psychology pending the doom of telemarketers who ring your phone. The current business model as far as I can tell is that they just collect the data of robot callers and sell the service for a fee. What if... the app sells the numbers to marketers and the services are free. We now know who the marketers are because they're going through our signed up phone numbers more often. By marketing even more, we can collect all those marketers or robot callers... The reason this'll fail is because we sell user's privacy for a long term benefit: getting rid of these telemarketers for good. Basically, it's their suicide, but we have the most data of phone numbers :) Since we do it for free, more people will sign up and more data to sell :) There are 10^10 phone numbers in addition to internationalization, so this isn't long term but eliminates us being annoyed by telemarketers.
